(siren wailing in distance)
-Ooh.
-I'm awake, I'm awake. Oof.
I'm awake. I'm awake.
Is it time?
No.
♪
♪ So tired ♪
♪ Tired of waiting ♪
♪ Tired of waiting for you... ♪
What?
You just chugged a quart
of hot and sour soup.
Let's bring on this labor.
-Ooh.
-Is it time?
Yes. To pee, again.
♪ Tired of waiting ♪
♪ For you ♪
♪ I was a lonely soul... ♪
-MADDIE: Hey, Chim, get in here.
-I'm coming!
Is it time? Maddie?
Oh.
-Did the yoga work?
-I'm stuck.
Can you help me up, please?
Whoever said that good things
come to those who wait
was a liar, or at least,
maybe more patient
than I am right now.
So far, we've tried pineapple,
raspberry tea,
spicy foods and now exercise.
What's next?
Sex.
What?
♪ Please don't
keep a-me waiting... ♪
Oh, why didn't we start
with that one?
♪ Don't keep a-me waiting... ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm so tired... ♪
(engine revving)
Albert, will you please
go faster?
I am obeying the posted
speed regulations.
Damn it, I wish
I had my ambulance.
I deliver food to people
in a compact car.
I do not think
I'm ready for that.
How are you doing?
Honestly,
I don't want to jinx it,
but I sort of thought
it would hurt more.
These contractions
aren't even that painful.
Well, maybe you're just
that much tougher
-than the average mama bear.
-(chuckles)
Here.
Have an electrolyte popsicle.
Another one?
You can't put a price
on good hydration.
♪ Don't keep a-me waiting ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm so tired ♪
♪ Tired of waiting... ♪
We have arrived
at your destination.
Ready for this?
Today is the day.
(cackles)
♪ For you... ♪
Today is not the day.
(babbling softly)
CARLY: Oh, my goodness. Nia,
you look so beautiful today.
KAREN:
What do we say, Nia?
-Thank you.
-CARLY: You're welcome.
-(door opens)
-DEIDRA: Hello, everyone.
Sorry I'm late.
Are we ready to see Mommy?
-CARLY: Are you ready
for your visit?
-NIA: No. Mommy, Mommy, Mommy.
KAREN:
It's okay, baby.
It'll just be a little while
and we'll be here waiting
-for you when you're done.
-(crying)
DEIDRA:
I'm sorry.
But we should talk about
scheduling some overnight visits
for Nia and her mother.
HEN:
Yes. We need to talk.
We want to meet her.
We want to meet
Nia's birth mother.
Ms. Wilson,
you know we can't do that.
Why not?
We need to make sure
Nia's safe, right?
-Mm-hmm.
-That's the job you gave us...
-...as foster parents.
I-I want to do my job.
It's the state's job,
and this is about reunification.
These last few visits
were about rebuilding
a bond and a trust between
Nia and her biological mother.
Well, isn't there anything
you can tell us about her?
Nothing beyond the fact
that she's demonstrated
her ability to give Nia
a safe and stable home.
Demonstrate how?
We-we don't even know what she
did wrong in the first place.
What-what, was it, was it drugs?
Was she abusive?
Neglectful? What?
Look, it is not uncommon for
foster parents to feel this way.
I mean, Nia has been with you
a long time.
Longer than we expected.
And the pandemic made it longer.
What are our options?
-For?
-For protecting Nia.
HEN:
Our legal options.
Can we adopt her?
DEIDRA:
Let me just stop you right here.
You've done a-an amazing job
with Nia.
I wish I had a dozen more
foster families like you.
But the reunification of a child
and their birth parent
is our main goal.
What if that birth parent
is still unfit?
DEIDRA: You have to trust us.
We wouldn't have started
this process if we thought
her mother wasn't ready.
And even after she regains
physical custody,
we don't just walk away.
There'll be follow-up visits,
check-ins.
We will make sure she's safe.
Come back inside
when you're ready.
And Carly will bring Nia
out after her visit.
And today,
she goes home with you.
Hen? You need to calm down.
T-They're tearing
our family apart, Karen.
H-How can I stay calm?
How can you be calm?
Because this is the job.
It's what we signed up for.
-We knew, we...
-I didn't know it would,
it would feel like this.
We were supposed to foster her
for-for a few months.
It's been almost a year, Karen.
She's our daughter now.
I know.
-I know this is hard...
-No, it's not hard.
It's wrong.
(phone chimes)
What the hell?
-JOSH: Oh!
-MAY: Oh, oh, my gosh.
MAY:
Oh, I'm-I'm so sorry. I didn't,
-I didn't see you there.
-I'd say we need
a traffic light there,
but I'm pretty sure you'd have
barreled through that, too.
Hey. Are you okay?
MAY:
Um, yeah. I guess.
I just got this friend request
from someone
I used to go
to high school with.
Just kind of caught me
by surprise.
JOSH:
Ah, a whole seven months ago.
How the time flies.
MAY: She transferred out
a few years back.
After bullying me and making
my life a living hell.
JOSH:
You want me to respond to her?
I'm sure I could think
of a few choice ideas
-of where she can stick
her friend request.
-Hey, it-it's okay.
Just... I think
I'm gonna ignore it.
You know,
it's-it's been three years.
Doesn't really matter
what she has to say anymore.
Attagirl.
LINDA:
You sure you should be
working nights
-when you're that pregnant?
-Oh, I figured staying up
all night would be good practice
for all the hours
I'm gonna be keeping
when the baby's born.
Well, you make me feel
like I should be calling OSHA
to report a labor violation.
(strains):
Ooh. Don't say that word.
Whoa, are you
having contractions?
Constantly.
But not real ones.
Braxton Hicks.
I've been having them all week,
and every time I think
something's gonna happen...
-nothing.
-Ooh.
An emotional roller coaster.
Well, that would
explain the nausea.
(laughs)
You guys got a name yet?
CHIMNEY:
Piper.
-MADDIE: No. No.
-Poppy.
-Princess?
-Yuck.
Priscilla.
Okay. That's it for the Ps.
Hey, should we s... What?
Now I have to pee.
That wasn't my fault!
Uh, still TBD.
LINDA:
Yeah, you might want to "D" that
a little faster.
When my mother went
to the hospital to have
my little brother, she didn't
have a name picked out, either.
Then she got all caught up
in the emotion,
named him after the nice doctor.
And my brother has been living
his entire life regretting it.
Oh, my God.
What did she name him?
Norman.
Isn't your last name...?
Bates.
Exactly.
(sighs) Hey, anybody got
any suggestions for baby names?
Not any of your names.
Uh, I thought you were just
gonna put names in a hat.
Yeah.
Okay, here we go.
"I really don't want to pick
our baby's name this way."
Okay, but that's never gonna fit
on her driver's license.
Maddie. Maddie!
Shannon and I didn't know what
we were gonna name Christopher.
Then we saw him and we knew.
Right. We're way ahead
of our skis here.
(phone chiming)
BUCK:
Uh, she didn't
-like that idea?
-I think she just called me
a psycho.
(laughs)
Maddie still having false labor?
(exhales) I know kids are
supposed to test your patience,
but I thought
she'd at least wait
until she was out of the womb.
Well, at least,
you'll be well-prepared
-for her arrival.
-Oh, we are.
Baby toys, clothes,
towels, blankets, supplements.
-Freeze-dried rations.
-Rations?
BOBBY:
What, do you hate
hospital food that much?
Hey, Wilson!
Could use a hand here.
No, in case the hospital
loses power.
Ah.
Didn't we just restock
the ambulance?
Well, yeah,
but there's no such thing
as being too prepared, right?
Sure. Like there's
any rhyme or reason
for the crap life throws at you.
The one and only. I'm Maddie.
-What's your name?
-Jacob.
Hi, Jacob. Are you okay?
-My mom's acting weird.
-Weird how?
I think she's lost. I asked her
but she won't talk to me.
Where are you calling
from, Jacob?
-We're in the car.
-Is your mom driving?
Yeah.
-(horn honking)
-(tires screeching)
Can you put the phone on speaker
-so I can talk
to your mom, Jacob?
-Okay.
Mom, there's a 911 lady
that wants to talk to you.
Ma'am, this is 911.
I understand
you're having some trouble.
Please pull over
and we can send some help.
(crying):
Mom, please.
(muttering)
Ma'am, can you hear me?
JACOB:
She won't talk to anybody.
Mom, you got to talk
to the lady.
(horn honking)
-(tires screeching)
-(horn honking)
-Jacob, what's happening?
-M-My mom just hit another car!
(horn honking)
(tires screeching)
Can you see where you are?
We're getting on the freeway.
But we're going the wrong way!
♪
(horns honking)
(horn honking)
(dial tone sounds)
-911. What's your emergency?
-MAN: This car is driving
all over the road.
-I swear she's blind.
-911. What's your emergency?
-WOMAN: I'm on the 710 and
some idiot...
-911. What's your emergency?
MAN:
I've got my kids...
Can you see where you are?
JACOB:
We're on the freeway.
(crying):
But we're going the wrong way!
Dispatch to LAPD. We have a
motorist driving against traffic
in the northbound lanes
of the 710 freeway.
Intercept immediately.
Ma'am, you need to pull over
immediately.
(passing horn honking)
(horns honking)
SUE:
CHP, this is Metro Dispatch.
You need to shut down
the 710 north
just after exit 43.
We have a female motorist
driving south
in the northbound lane.
Her son's with her in the car.
His name is Jacob.
CHP, please note,
there is a child in the vehicle.
Mom! Please!
We're going the wrong way!
(horn honking)
(tires squealing, horns honking)
Can you hear me?
Pull over! Now!
Mom! Please!
(sobbing):
Please...
(Jacob screams)
(gasps)
(vehicles crashing,
tires squealing)
(whispers):
Jacob.
MADDIE:
Jacob, can you hear me?
Jacob?
(panicked voices in distance)
(voices overlapping)
♪
(siren wailing)
DISPATCH: All units responding
to incident on the 710.
ATHENA:
Dispatch, show 727-L-30
approaching crash site
from the north side
of the incident.
I'll report back
after I rendezvous
-with the incident commander.
-Copy that, 727.
(siren wailing)
(siren stops)
MAN:
All right, lift on three.
One, two, three.
BOBBY:
Make sure everybody stays back
until the cars have been
de-energized and all the airbags
-have been checked.
-What's the count, Captain?
Well, three casualties so far,
at least a dozen injured.
Dispatch, send another
ten R.A. units here ASAP.
ATHENA:
Oh. All this
because of one driver.
I take it this is
the offending vehicle?
BOBBY:
What's left of it.
We're still working
-on getting in there.
-You sure there's anyone
in there left to save?
No verbal response.
Can't see past the side airbags.
But we picked up
a heat signature.
Definitely a live occupant
in the front.
Smaller heat signature
in the back.
Dispatch says they got a call
from the driver's son, Jacob.
The kid's still in the car?
Go! Go! Jaws.
Check! One, two, three.
-(grunting)
-(metal creaking)
-Buck, get in there.
(jaws of life whirring)
I got a visual on the driver.
Come on!
(straining)
No, no, no. The roof is bent
too far inwards.
I-I can't pull her out.
-Let's cut the whole top off.
-Let's get the saw! Let's go!
BOBBY:
Okay, nice and easy, on three.
One, two, three.
Need more hands!
HEN:
I've got eyes on the boy.
-He's still breathing.
-All right, Buck,
get that Halligan.
(grunting)
BUCK:
It's a miracle
she's in one piece.
-The car's hugging her
like a glove.
-Okay, Chim.
Okay. Young male victim.
Possible vertebrae break.
Eddie, get me a neck brace.
HEN:
Pulse is steady.
Multiple lacerations.
Airbag burn.
(weakly):
What ha-happened?
You think her slurred speech
is a symptom of her injuries?
-Can't be too sure yet.
-Dispatch says
she was acting odd
before the crash, too.
BOBBY:
Chim, how's that kid looking?
Upper vertebra seems intact,
but his systolic blood pressure
is skyrocketing--
could be a TBI.
-Probably best
to transport him in the seat.
-All right,
-make it safe and get him out.
-Copy that. All right.
BOBBY:
Dispatch, contact
the Children's Hospital ER.
Have them prep for neurosurgery.
We've got a patient, Jacob,
approximately seven
to eight years old,
coming in with a possible TBI.
RACHEL:
Jacob?
Uh, Jacob
is still in the back seat.
We're working
on getting him out.
Ma'am, were you experiencing
any pain, disorientation
that may have led
to your confusion?
I think I got something...
...that added to her confusion.
(sighs)
How many people
have to die tonight because
she was drunk and stupid?
(disgusted sigh)
Details to add to my report.
On three. One, two, three.
-(grunts)
-Got him?
Yeah.
(siren wailing in distance)
He's not conscious
but he's alive.
All right, let's move him.
HEN:
Drunk driving with
your only child in the car...
You good here, Hen?
Not one bit, Cap.
But I got it.
It's our job, right?
Yeah.
(indistinct radio chatter)
(indistinct conversations)
Please remain calm.
We're gonna get you out...
Hey! Renfrow!
Did you disable the airbags?
-It doesn't look like you did!
-What's that, Cap?
(high-pitched ringing)
-Cap, you good?
-Get Renfrow!
Renfrow.
(groans)
(groans) The driver...
Did-did you get the driver?
We're working on it.
Let's focus on you, Renfrow.
Gonna get you some air, okay?
-I got him, I got him!
-Buck, get him out of there.
-That driver alive?
-I'm checking his pulse.
He's got a pulse,
but his skin is like paper.
-I-I need a burn blanket.
-Get the burn blanket!
Ready?
-You got him?
-Through the window, yeah.
You got his head?
Turn him.
CHIMNEY:
Captain,
we're moving Renfrow now.
Burn unit's been advised.
Good, good.
Hen! Eddie!
How are you guys doing
up there?
MAN (over phone):
We haven't moved in, like,
35 minutes.
-Was there an accident?
-Yes, there was an accident
on the freeway, and it seems...
(groans)
...seems like you're stuck
behind it.
I'm type 1 diabetic, I've been
stuck in traffic forever
and my blood sugar's
getting super low-- feels like
-I might pass out in my car.
-Okay, let me contact LAFD.
Maybe they can...
bring you a glucagon rescue kit.
What is the make and...
(pained groan)
...plate of your vehicle?
Black Ford F-150.
-(groans)
-License plate: B93F5.
Attention LAFD.
There is a car...
(groans)
...mile behind the pileup
that needs glucagon.
Black F-150.
(groans)
License plate...
Bravo-nine-tree-fr...
-(pained grunt)
-I'm sorry, Dispatch,
can you repeat
that plate number?
-(weakly): Yeah, just a second.
-Hard to read you.
Plate reads: Bravo-9-3-Frank-5.
-Black F-150 pickup.
-Copy that.
Sending an R.A. unit now.
Exactly how long
have you been in labor?
-Hard to tell.
-(laughs) Weren't you a nurse?
(panting):
I've got an hour left.
I got this.
I appreciate your dedication,
but I'm gonna have
to override you on this one.
(groaning quietly)
Which hospital is she going to?
-First Presbyterian on Altamont.
-All right.
I'll follow behind.
Make sure the hospital knows
she's gonna need her BAC
as soon as she lands.
-Athena...
-Already got the warrant, Eddie.
It'll meet me at the hospital.
(sighs)
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm doing fine.
SUE (over radio):
Captain Nash,
can you spare a paramedic
for a woman in labor
at Dispatch Metro?
Pretty sure
there are some paramedics
a lot closer to your location
-than we are.
-Yes, but none of them
are the baby's father.
(laughs softly)
We've got it from here, Chim.
Go meet your daughter.
You sure?
I'm following that ambulance.
You can ride with me.
Okay... that one was less than
five minutes.
Yeah, you still think
you got another hour in you?
-Eh.
-Okay, here are your things.
My car's downstairs
and you are getting in it.
-Okay, what about Chim?
-Well, he's got a police escort.
He'll meet you there.
It just feels like
it's going so fast.
You're nine and a half months
pregnant.
It's not that fast.
-Oh...! (groans)
-Oh, God.
(elevator bell dings)
Okay, wish me luck.
ATHENA:
Good luck.
Word of advice?
If she tells you to shut up,
shut up.
-Copy that.
-(chuckles)
WYATT:
No, no, no, no.
I-I don't understand.
What do you mean
I can't see her?
-She's here, right?
-Yes, your wife is here,
but as I explained already,
her room is currently listed
-as secured.
-Secured?
-What does that even mean?
-Everything okay here?
Uh, this gentleman is here
to see Rachel Hawkerson.
She's my wife.
I got a call that she and my son
were in some kind of accident,
but nobody will tell me
anything, except that my son
is at a different hospital
and I can't see my wife.
Sir, they were part of the
collision on the 710 freeway.
The-the big pileup?
Yes.
Can we go somewhere quiet
where we can talk?
-I want to see my wife.
-I'm afraid you can't do that
right now.
Your wife's room is secure
because she's in our custody
while we investigate the cause
of tonight's accident.
The cau...
Right.
(exhales)
On the news,
they said it was a drunk driver.
ATHENA:
Yes.
No.
She wouldn't do that.
Not with Jacob in the car.
She promised me.
Sometimes,
we break our promises.
Okay.
Yes. Uh, thank you.
How's your son?
He's still in surgery.
I, uh...
I need to get over there.
I can have an officer take you.
Did she say anything?
Rachel? At the scene?
She wasn't really coherent.
You didn't know
she was drinking?
I thought all this
was behind us.
She tried
so many times to stay sober.
It almost broke our marriage.
But then...
then Jacob.
And I thought...
I thought, "Finally,
she'll have a reason
not to drink."
I don't know
what I'm gonna tell him.
Is there... Is there any way
you're wrong about this?
She had a BAC of .28
when she arrived.
Four times the legal limit.
Probably higher
at the time of the crash.
That would account
for her disorientation
from your son's 911 call.
(voice breaking):
Jacob's the one who called 911?
(crying)
My poor boy.
(sobbing)
You didn't know.
I should have.
I'm here! I'm here. I didn't
-miss it, did I?
-HELLER: Any longer,
you might have.
You're fully effaced
and at ten centimeters.
We're ready to rock.
We're gonna grab a few things,
and we'll get started.
(Maddie breathing heavily,
whimpering)
-Are you okay?
Can I do anything for you?
-(groans)
-I can shut up.
I mean, I can try.
-(groans)
No, no, you're fine.
You know what I need
is my breathing beads.
They're in the baby bag.
Where is that?
They're not here.
I left them in Albert's car.
-Ugh!
-You know what?
I can call him real fast.
Maybe he can run it
back over here.
Come on, come on, come on.
(line rings)
ALBERT:
Hello. This is Albert Han.
Please do not leave a message.
That's what texts are for.
CHIMNEY:
Straight to voice mail.
He's probably sleeping.
I'm so sorry.
-You okay?
-Hi.
-Hi. (laughing)
-(laughing)
-(groans)
-(door opens)
CHIMNEY (whispers):
You're okay.
HELLER:
Extend your arms, please.
-All set.
-Thank you.
HELLER:
Okay, guys.
It's go time.
(Maddie and Chimney chuckle)
First responders
are on scene and working.
You should be able to see them.
ALBERT:
I don't see anyone.
MAY:
Are you injured?
Yeah, I think I'm bleeding.
A lot.
("Revolution"
by Almost September playing)
♪ The revolution ♪
♪ It will not be televised ♪
♪ Reciprocity... ♪
(horn honking)
-DISPATCHER: 911.
What's your emergency?
-Uh,
there's a car on the freeway.
It's going the wrong... Whoa!
SUE:
Dispatch to 118.
Come in. This is Sue.
-BOBBY: Go for Captain Nash.
-Captain Nash,
we received a call from a driver
who says he was in the pileup
claiming he's still trapped
in his car.
I believe we already extricated
everybody involved.
Are they sure
they were in this crash?
The line went dead before
we could get too many details.
We'll try to reconnect
with him now.
Why don't you call again?
(line rings)
ALBERT:
Hello. This is Albert Han.
Please do not leave a message.
That's what texts are for.
Bobby,
the call came
from an Albert Han.
Isn't that Chimney's brother?
BOBBY:
Are you sure? I thought
-that call was dropped.
-MAY: I called
the number back,
and it gave me his voice mail.
Oh. What did the message say?
He said his name and to not
leave a message because, um...
-'Cause that's
what texts are for.
-Yeah.
All right, let's go!
Every vehicle. Every vehicle.
-Albert!
HEN:
Albert! Can you hear us?
All right, Maddie.
With your next contraction,
I want you to push.
This is it. This is really it.
Today's the day.
-Best day ever.
-Shut up.
Copy that.
Okay.
-(grunting)
-MAN: Albert!
Albert!
-Albert!
-BUCK: Cap!
We've been up and down this road
twice. He's-he's not here.
Dispatch, this is Captain Nash.
That very first 911 caller
who reported seeing
the vehicle. Which exit
were they calling from?
MAY:
It says exit 43 exit ramp.
He wasn't in the pileup.
He was in front of it.
Everybody on me!
Come on, we're on the move!
-(groans)
-HELLER: Great job,
Maddie. Okay,
let's hold for a second.
I'm gonna change this towel.
-Okay?
-Don't go.
I wouldn't dream of it.
-Okay. When you're ready.
-(exhales)
(grunting)
(horn honks)
BOBBY:
This is it. Stop here.
BUCK:
Albert!
Hey, hey, tire tracks!
Right here!
Let's go! Let's go!
Albert!
HELLER:
I can see the head.
You're doing great. Keep going.
(grunting)
HELLER:
Keep going.
I see him!
♪ For you ♪
♪ For me... ♪
Looks like he's lost
a lot of blood.
His pulse is racing.
BUCK:
Stay with us, Albert.
You can do this.
HELLER:
One more big push.
-Okay.
-You can do this. You can do it.
(grunting)
♪ For you... ♪
BUCK:
We're right here.
We got you.
Three,
two,
one.
♪ To leave and turn... ♪
(Maddie grunting)
CHIMNEY:
Five, six, seven,
-eight, nine, ten.
-(siren wailing)
EDDIE:
BP's 60/30.
He's hypotensive
with tachycardia.
He must be bleeding internally.
We're probably looking
at a ruptured spleen.
-He's hemorrhaging
right now inside.
-EDDIE: I'll alert
the hospital
to have a massive transfusion
-standing by.
-(monitor flatlines)
He's coding!
-(grunting)
-HEN: Starting compressions.
-Push epinephrine.
-(Maddie grunting)
Here we go.
Two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight,
-nine...
-♪ For me ♪
♪ Until... ♪
HEN:
Come on, Albert. Don't do this.
-You can do it.
-(grunting)
Come on! You have a niece
to meet. Come on.
♪ For me... ♪
Come on!
-(grunts)
-(baby crying)
♪ And now... ♪
That's her.
That's her! You did it.
-I did?
-You did it!
-Yeah.
-HELLER: Sounds like
a healthy set of lungs.
(Maddie laughs)
Oh, my God. You did it.
HEN:
Come on. Come on!
Come on, come on.
Come on!
-EDDIE: He's got a pulse!
-(monitor beeping steadily)
(baby crying)
Oh.
Oh, hi.
(Chimney sniffles)
She's so tiny.
And perfect.
Everything's perfect.
I love you.
I love us.
Six pounds, one ounce.
(cheering and laughing)
And it wasn't born here.
JAMAL:
I'll drink to that.
Actually, who wants drinks?
It's 7:00 in the morning, Jamal.
-(phone buzzing)
-JOSH: There is that place
on Ninth.
-Bottomless mimosas.
-LINDA: Yes.
-I'm in.
-JAMAL: Uh,
what about you, May?
Oh, sorry, guys.
Uh, even if they did serve me,
I'd just fall asleep
in my breakfast.
(all chuckle)
May,
thought you would like to know.
Just got word from the hospital.
Albert Han arrived alive,
and his condition is stable.
Oh, thank God.
I mean, could you imagine?
Today of all days.
Well, luckily, we don't have to.
Go get some rest.
Thanks, Sue. Good night.
Morning. Whatever.
(quietly):
Hey, Buck. It's good to see you.
The hospital has a strict
no visitor policy right now.
I-I know. Hey, Chimney...
CHIMNEY:
The girls are both doing great.
Maddie was a warrior in there.
Oh, hey, where'd you get that?
Is Albert here?
Oh, hey. Good morning.
The kids are still brushing
their teeth,
but pancakes
should be done in five.
HEN:
You packed her bag?
Yeah. Overnight visit, remember?
Social worker will be by
this afternoon.
No, no, not tonight.
Ton-- I need to sleep tonight
and-and know that she's safe.
Hen... (exhales)
...we can't stop this.
How could you just stand there?
-What?
-Nia. Nia's...
damn near crying her eyes out,
and you just write it off
like it happens every day.
And the social worker tells us
there's nothing we could do,
and you just stand there.
Why don't you want
to fight this, Karen?
You think I don't want to?
It doesn't seem like it.
It seems like
you've already accepted it.
Y-You're making pancakes,
you're packing bags.
Wh-What are you doing?
Don't you dare.
Tell me why you don't want
to fight this!
Because there is no fight.
She has a mother.
She's not ours,
even if we love her like she is.
You want to know what I'm doing?
I'm holding on.
That is all I am doing,
holding on.
Please don't make me do it
alone.
(shudders)
-NIA: Come on.
-(footsteps approaching)
KAREN:
Hey! Guess who's here!
(sniffles)
NIA:
Mama Hen!
(monitor beeping steadily)
(exhales)
I mean, I've been at a lot
of deliveries before, but...
(chuckles softly)
...this one really did seem
kind of miraculous.
(chuckles)
I guess all dads feel that way.
I am a dad. (chuckles)
How crazy is that?
I can't wait
for you to meet her.
Still doesn't have a name
though.
I don't suppose
you have any suggestions?
Yeah, I'm kind of stumped, too.
What about Alberta?
Or... Albertina?
I thought for sure
I'd get a response on that one.
Listen...
(inhales shakily)
I know you're tired and
you've had a really crappy day,
but... (exhales)
...I kind of need you to wake up
here and tell me you're okay,
'cause your doctors are giving
me some real serious looks
and expressing their concerns.
But they don't know us Hans.
(sniffles)
We are excellent healers.
So you're gonna be all right,
'cause you're my brother.
(exhales)
And I don't know when that went
from being a biological fact
to an emotional reality for me,
but...
there's no turning back now.
You know, I finally have
everything I ever wanted.
A family of my own.
Maddie.
The baby.
And you.
Yep. Today could be
the best day of my life.
'Cause I have
my beautiful baby girl...
(shudders)
...and my brother didn't die.
(chuckles)
In fact, he woke up and
he told me he was gonna be okay.
(shuddering)
So you just open your eyes,
Albert.
(shuddering)
(sighs)
Please.
(crying)
♪
(weakly):
It hurts.
(exhales)
(sniffles)
It's okay.
Hey.
(chuckles softly)
We got plenty of time,
little brother.
♪
(dog barking in distance)
ATHENA:
Heard about Albert.
Is he okay?
He's alive.
What about that boy
from the crash? Jacob?
Surgery was a success.
He's stable and recovering
with his father.
-That's good.
-Mother got lucky.
Minor scrapes and bruises.
Husband says he had no idea that
she had started drinking again.
Not sure if I believe him.
Well, could be true.
Could be he just needed
to believe it was true.
(sniffles)
I'm sorry about what I said
at the wreck.
"Drunk and stupid" thing.
You weren't wrong.
People died last night
because of her.
I don't know her,
but I know what it's like
-to inflict that kind of damage.
-Bobby,
you are nothing like that woman.
I am exactly like that woman.
The day I forget that,
that will be
a very dangerous day.
(inhales deeply)
I got to go out for a while.
I love you.
Love you, too.
BOBBY:
I am standing here in this room
for the same reason
as a lot of you.
Because I am selfish as hell.
Also, I'm an alcoholic.
And, for a long time, I thought
that I was strong enough
to balance those two things.
To live life on my terms.
But I've got news for you.
Life doesn't care
how strong you think you are.
("Without You"
by For King & Country playing)
-Hey.
-(groans softly)
Wh-Where's Mom?
BOBBY:
It will find a way to break you,
to pull you down
until you hit bottom.
♪ What do you do ♪
But while you're down there,
if you open your eyes,
you might finally be able
to gain the clarity you need
to find your way back up.
♪ To hold her ♪
CHRISTOPHER:
Morning!
-♪ Give me
just enough strength ♪
-(exhales)
BOBBY:
Because life doesn't have
any dead ends
when you refuse to quit moving.
-What's that for?
-(grunts)
(inhales)
Just because.
BOBBY:
When you trade rock bottom
for your rock.
♪ Is walking me out
to the ledge ♪
For what really matters in life.
♪ Stands there beside me ♪
♪ Shivering out on the edge ♪
Though you may find
your new road
to still be rough...
Bye, Mamas. See you later.
...just remember that nothing
worth doing is easy.
♪ Just a moment of peace ♪
And that, with the help
of your loved ones...
...you can find the strength
to continue on.
♪
And, yeah,
last night was a hard night.
But I'm here.
And I didn't have a drink.
So maybe today
can be a good day.
And if today can be a good day,
maybe tomorrow can be, too.
♪
BUCK (chuckles):
Oh, man. I just want
to hold her, you know?
MADDIE:
Soon.
Dr. Heller just wants us
to wait a few more weeks.
Then you get to meet
your Uncle Buck.
-(chuckles)
-Man.
I can't believe Chimney just
missed the first "Uncle Buck."
It's, uh... it's okay.
Knowing him,
-I'm sure we're in
for about 10,000 more of those.
-(chuckles)
CHIMNEY:
Okay. (exhales) I am clean
and ready to hold my girl.
Uncle Buck!
Was I the first one?
I was the first one, right?
-Uh-huh. Yeah, yeah. (chuckles)
-MADDIE: Absolutely.
-Yeah.
-'Kay, I'll, uh,
leave you guys to it.
Okay, bye. Buck loves you,
-Buck loves you.
Bye-bye-bye-bye-bye.
-Okay.
(exhales)
What was that about?
-(chuckles)
-(inhales deeply)
Hello, Baby Girl Han.
You were right. We should
have picked a name sooner.
I can't believe
they discharged you
without something
for the birth certificate.
I picked a name.
I'm sorry. Don't be mad.
I had to give them something.
I'm not sure
if I'm mad or relieved.
Pressure's off.
It's not something
I'm gonna hate, is it?
(chuckles softly)
It's Jee-Yun.
That's my mother's name.
I called Mrs. Lee to tell her
about the baby and Albert.
And she just kept saying,
"I wish
his mother was here to see her."
-(chuckles softly)
-And that's when I knew
what her name was.
-(cooing)
-(chuckles)
Jee-Yun Buckley Han.
It's pretty good, right?
It's beautiful.
(chuckles)
I'm really glad
that Albert's okay.
Yeah, me, too.
God, talk about bad luck.
(cooing)
No.
I'm starting to think we're
just the luckiest people ever.
(chuckles softly)
Yeah.
Hi, Jee-Yun. Hi.
Captioning sponsored by
20th CENTURY FOX TELEVISION
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org